chore: replace proteins_pytorch_geometric example with a better one. (#2706)
determined-ai/determined: examples/graphs/proteins_pytorch_geometric/README.md

# PyTorch Geometric - proteins_topk_pool example

This example demonstrates the usage of `pytorch_geometric` library. It was adapted from

> [protein_topk_pool example](https://github.com/rusty1s/pytorch_geometric/blob/master/examples/proteins_topk_pool.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [protein_topk_pool example](https://github.com/rusty1s/pytorch_geometric/blob/master/examples/proteins_topk_pool.py).
```

> Key part of this example code is contained in the following functions in `model_def.py`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key parts of this example are contained in the following functions in `model_def.py`:
```

configuration file in place of `const.yaml`.

## Results
The trial will achieve ~75% accuracy after training for 10 epochs, and will approach ~80% accuracy

> by epoch 200 in a few minutes of runtime on NVIDIA K80.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by epoch 200 in a few minutes of runtime on an NVIDIA K80.
```
